afs.dev: henry
async.dev: ray and stefan
bbox.dev: igor
bboxutil.dev: igor
bit.dev: ray and stefan
bitcmyk.dev: ray and stefan
bitrgb.dev: ray and stefan
bitrgbtags.dev: henry
bj10e.dev: ray and stefan
bj200.dev: ray and stefan
bjc600.dev: ray and stefan
bjc800.dev: ray and stefan
bmp16.dev: ray and stefan
bmp16m.dev: ray and stefan
bmp256.dev: ray and stefan
bmp32b.dev: ray and stefan
bmpa16m.dev: ray and stefan
bmpamono.dev: ray (obsolete ?)
bmpgray.dev: ray and stefan
bmpmono.dev: ray and stefan
bmpsep1.dev: ray and stefan
bmpsep8.dev: ray and stefan
btoken.dev: ray and stefan
cdeskjet.dev: ray and stefan
cdj550.dev: ray and stefan
cdjcolor.dev: ray and stefan
cdjmono.dev: ray and stefan
cfax.dev: ray and stefan
cfd.dev: alex
cfe.dev alex
cfe.dev: alex
cidfont.dev: igor
cidlib.dev: igor
cie.dev: raph
cielib.dev: raph
clfile.dev: ray and stefan
clist.dev: ray and stefan
cljet5.dev: ray and stefan
cljet5c.dev: ray and stefan
cljet5pr.dev: ray and stefan
clmemory.dev: ray and stefan
cmaplib.dev: igor
cmapread.dev: igor
cmyklib.dev: raph and tim
cmykread.dev raph and tim
colimlib.dev: raph and tim
color.dev: raph and tim
compfont.dev: igor
crc32.dev: ralph
cspixel.dev: raph and tim
cspixlib.dev: raph and tim
dctd.dev: alex
dcte.dev: alex
deskjet.dev: ray and stefan
devcmap.dev: obsolete
devicen.dev: raph and tim
djet500.dev: ray and stefan
dpnxtlib.dev: raph
dps.dev: ray
dps2int.dev: igor
dps2lib.dev: igor
dps2read.dev: igor
dpsand2.dev: ?
dpslib.dev: ?
dpsnext.dev ?
dscparse.dev: ray
eps9high.dev: ?
eps9mid.dev: ?
epsf.dev: alex
epson.dev: raph
epsonc.dev: raph
epswrite.dev: raph
fapi.dev: igor
fapif.dev: igor
fapiu.dev: igor
farc4.dev: ralph
fax.dev: ray and stefan
faxg3.dev: ray and stefan
faxg32d.dev: ray and stefan
faxg4.dev: ray and stefan
fcopy.dev: igor
fdecode.dev: alex
filter.dev: alex
fimscale.dev: alex
fmd5.dev: ralph
frsd.dev: alex
func.dev: igor
func4.dev: igor
func4lib.dev: igor
funclib.dev: igor
fzlib.dev: alex
gsiodevs.dev: ray and stefan
gsnogc.dev: obsolete
gxfapiu.dev: igor
gxfapiu1.dev: igor
hpgl2.dev: henry
hpgl2c.dev: henry
htxlib.dev: raph and tim
ibmpro.dev: ray and stefan
icc.dev: raph and tim
icclib.dev: raph and tim
ijs.dev: ralph
ijslib.dev: ralph
imasklib.dev: ray and stefan
iodevice.dev: ray and stefan
iscale.dev: ray and stefan
isupport.dev: ray and stefan
jasper.dev: ralph
jasper_0.dev: ralph
jbig2.dev: ralph
jbig2dec.dev: ralph
jbig2dec_0.dev: ralph
jpeg.dev: ray and stefan
jpege6.dev: third party
jpeggray.dev: ray and stefan
jpx.dev: ralph
jpx_jasper.dev: ralph
laserjet.dev: ray and stefan
ldf_jb2.dev: ralph
libpng.dev: third party
lj5gray.dev: ray and stefan
lj5mono.dev: ray and stefan
ljet2p.dev: ray and stefan
ljet3.dev: ray and stefan
ljet3d.dev: ray and stefan
ljet4.dev: ray and stefan
ljet4d.dev: ray and stefan
ljetplus.dev: ray and stefan
lpg.dev: third party
luratech_jp2.dev: ralph
lzwd.dev: alex
lzwe.dev: alex
macglyph.dev: ralph
macres.dev: ralph
macroman.dev: ralph
page.dev: ray and stefan
pagedev.dev: ray and stefan
path1.dev: igor
path1lib.dev: igor
patlib.dev: raph and tim
patread.dev: raph and tim
pattern.dev: raph and tim
pbm.dev: ray and stefan
pbmraw.dev: ray and stefan
pcl5.dev: henry
pcl5base.dev: henry
pcl5c.dev: henry
pcx16.dev: ray and stefan
pcx24b.dev: ray and stefan
pcx256.dev: ray and stefan
pcxcmyk.dev: ray and stefan
pcxgray.dev: ray and stefan
pcxmono.dev: ray and stefan
pdf.dev: alex
pdffonts.dev: alex
pdfread.dev: alex
pdfwrite.dev: igor
pdiff.dev: alex
pdtext.dev: igor
pdxtext.dev: igor
pgm.dev: ray and stefan
pgmraw.dev: ray and stefan
pgnm.dev: ray and stefan
pgnmraw.dev: ray and stefan
pipe.dev: ray
pj.dev: ?
pjl.dev: henry
pjxl.dev: ?
pjxl300.dev: ?
pkm.dev: ray and stefan
pkmraw.dev: ray and stefan
pksm.dev: ray and stefan
pksm.dev: raph and tim
pksmraw.dev: raph and tim
pl.dev: henry
png16.dev: ray and stefan
png16m.dev: ray and stefan
png256.dev: ray and stefan
png48.dev: ray and stefan
pngalpha.dev: raph and tim
pnggray.dev: ray and stefan
pnggray.dev ray and stefan
pngmono.dev: ray and stefan
pngp.dev: alex
pnm.dev: ray and stefan
pnmraw.dev: ray and stefan
posync.dev: ?
ppm.dev: ray and stefan
ppmraw.dev: ray and stefan
ps2write.dev: igor
psbase.dev: ray and stefan
psdcmyk.dev: raph and tim
psdf.dev: igor
psdrgb.dev: ray and stefan
psf.dev: igor
psf0lib.dev: igor
psf0read.dev: igor
psf1lib.dev: igor
psf2lib.dev: igor
psgray.dev: igor
psi.dev: ray and stefan
psl2cs.dev: raph and tim
psmono.dev: igor
psrgb.dev: igor
pswrite.dev: igor
pxl.dev: henry
pxlcolor.dev: ray and stefan
pxlmono.dev: ray and stefan
rld.dev: alex
rle.dev: alex
romfs0.dev: ray and stefan
romfs1.dev: ray and stefan
roplib.dev: raph, tim and henry
rtlbase.dev: henry
rtlbasec.dev: henry
sarc4.dev: ralph
sdctd.dev: alex
sdcte.dev: alex
sddparam.dev: alex
seexec.dev: alex and ralph (ralph for gscrypt)
sepr.dev: raph and tim
seprlib.dev: raph and tim
sfile.dev: ray and stefan
shadelib.dev: igor
sicclib.dev: raph and tim
simscale.dev: raph
sjbig2.dev: ralph
sjbig2_.dev: ralph
sjbig2_jbig2dec.dev
sjbig2_jbig2dec.dev: ralph
sjbig2_luratech.dev: ralph
sjpx.dev: ralph
sjpx_jasper.dev
sjpx_jasper.dev: ralph
sjpx_luratech.dev: ralph
slzwd.dev: alex
slzwe.dev: alex
smd5.dev: ralph
spotcmyk.dev: raph and tim
stcolor.dev: ?
strdline.dev: alex
szlibd.dev: alex
szlibe.dev: alex
tfax.dev: ray and stefan
tiff12nc.dev: ray and stefan
tiff24nc.dev: ray and stefan
tiff32nc.dev: ray and stefan
tiffcrle.dev: ray and stefan
tiffg3.dev: ray and stefan
tiffg32d.dev: ray and stefan
tiffg4.dev: ray and stefan
tiffgray.dev: ray and stefan
tifflzw.dev: ray and stefan
tiffpack.dev: ray and stefan
tiffs.dev: ray and stefan
tiffsep.dev: ray and stefan
tracedev.dev: igor
translib.dev: raph and tim
transpar.dev: raph and tim
traplib.dev: raph and tim
ttflib.dev: igor
ttfont.dev: igor
type1.dev: igor
type2.dev: igor
type32.dev: igor
type42.dev: igor
ufst.dev: henry
uniprint.dev: ray and stefan
unix_.dev: ?
upath.dev: igor
usparam.dev: ray and stefan
vector.dev: igor
x11.dev: raph and tim
x11alpha.dev: raph and tim
x11alt_.dev: raph and tim
x11cmyk.dev: raph and tim
x11gray2.dev: raph and tim
x11gray4.dev: raph and tim
x11mono.dev: raph and tim
xcf.dev: raph and tim
zfrsd.dev: alex
zlibd.dev: third party
zlibe.dev: third party
