   Copyright (C) 1990, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 Aladdin Enterprises.  All rights reserved.
  
  This file is part of Aladdin Ghostscript.
  
  Aladdin Ghostscript is distributed with NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  No author
  or distributor accepts any responsibility for the consequences of using it,
  or for whether it serves any particular purpose or works at all, unless he
  or she says so in writing.  Refer to the Aladdin Ghostscript Free Public
  License (the "License") for full details.
  
  Every copy of Aladdin Ghostscript must include a copy of the License,
  normally in a plain ASCII text file named PUBLIC.  The License grants you
  the right to copy, modify and redistribute Aladdin Ghostscript, but only
  under certain conditions described in the License.  Among other things, the
  License requires that the copyright notice and this notice be preserved on
  all copies.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

$Id$
This file, current.txt, describes problems and new features in the current
release of Ghostscript.  This file describes version 5.31 of Ghostscript.

For an overview of Ghostscript and a list of the documentation files, see
README.

New features (since release 5.10)
============

(This is not a complete list of new features: see NEWS for details.)

A number of PostScript LanguageLevel 3 features are implemented: ImageType 4
images, CIEBasedDEF[G] color spaces, idiom recognition, shfill (partial
support), CloseSource/CloseTarget.

More of Display PostScript is implemented: view clipping, DevicePixel color
space, context creation with private local VM, ImageType 2 images,
compositing (NeXT extension).

The PDF interpreter now handles double-byte fonts.  Ghostscript now handles
essentially all of PDF 1.2 (Acrobat 3.x compatibility).

The PDF writer now implements the xxxImageFilter, EncodexxxImage, and
ConvertCMYKImagesToRGB distiller parameters, which provide the ability to
compress images.

The PDF writer now recognizes nearly all varieties of pdfmark, other than
the Distiller 3.0 "named object" pdfmarks.

It is now possible (in fact, easy) to build Ghostscript with the source and
object files in different directories.

There is a new PostScript-to-PostScript distiller, ps2ps.

Changes
=======

Contributed drivers now have their own makefile (contrib.mak).

The IJG JPEG library is now in a directory named jpeg rather than
jpeg-<version>.

The pdf2ps utility has been completely rewritten.  It should be much more
reliable, at the expense of possibly producing larger, lower-level output.

Running tar_cat after editing makefiles is no longer needed.  Users should
edit the unix*.mak makefiles now.

Known problems
==============

(This is not a complete list of known problems: see NEWS for details.)

Usage
-----

On a MS-DOS system, interrupting the interpreter by typing ^C doesn't
restore the display mode.

Limitations
-----------

serialnumber returns the same value in all copies.

Some floating point exceptions terminate the interpreter, rather than
producing a limitcheck error.

The DCTEncode filter disregards the Blend parameter, and uses different
QuantTables and HuffTables from Adobe's.

The DCT filters do not support nonintegral sample ratios.  Also, DCTEncode
will not create files with Sum(HS*VS)>10 (regardless of the value of the
Relax parameter) because they violate the JPEG standard; but DCTDecode will
read such files.

The size of the execution stack cannot be changed dynamically.  (However,
the sizes of the operand and dictionary stacks can be changed.)

Separation color spaces are implemented, but devices that actually produce
color separations are not supported.  The special color separations All and
None, and the primary separations (Red, Green, etc.), are not supported.

execform and ucache are implemented, but they do not actually do any
caching; setucacheparams and ucachestatus are dummies.  (This only impacts
performance, not functionality.)

The image operator only honors the Interpolate flag in the image dictionary
if the combined transformation (ImageMatrix + CTM) doesn't involve rotation,
skewing, or X-reflection; imagemask doesn't honor Interpolate at all.

Some path building operations that would generate a device coordinate larger
than +/-2^19 will cause a limitcheck.  However, the common ones ([r]moveto,
[r]lineto, [r]curveto, closepath) will not.

Graphics bugs
-------------

Opening more than one window device at the same time doesn't work.
This is the case for both X Windows and Microsoft Windows.

cshow doesn't work with composite fonts.

Non-graphics bugs
-----------------

The following operators that expect arrays won't accept packed arrays:
	definefont (Subrs (type 1 fonts))

Syntax errors occurring within a binary token do not produce the error
message specified by the Adobe documentation.
